
1)SELF INTRO

hii..i am vishal from tirupathi,graduated Bsc computetrs in the year 2021. i strongly believe that any education or profession should be driven by strong emotion.The emotion which i possess in software field encourages me to start career as a linus administrator.In order to achieve the steep learning curve in this particular domain,i  had completed my first step being as trainee in AIX Learning center for 8 months.In this period of time i have gained knowledge on user management,file management,LVM,software management etc in linux from basic to advance level.Apart from this i possess analytical skills,innovative creations,problem solving etc.As a beginner, i want to build my career with a well known organisation where i can apply my knowledge and skills and gain hand on experience.

2)EXPECTED CTC

My expectation of salary is similar to that of standards in the economy.For fresher it is between in the range of 3.5 to 4 lacs. It would be great if u offer in between this.


3)why should we hire u?

As per mentioned requirements in JD, i will be suited to this profile as i have knowlege regarding linux from scratch to advanced. I also have knowlegde and skills in AWS devops with various tools. Having all this i can fastly grow through upskilling myself regularly which will definently contribute in accomplishing the mission and vision of this company. 

4)How did u know about our organisation ?

In search of jobs in this domain i came across your requrirement in 

5)why gap

After my graduation i am unable to choose a career path which i am best suited to. This has taken time to analyse my core strenghts and knowledge. I have taken a course which is for a period of 7 to 8 months major in linux and aws devops.  This gap is meant to be for my upskilling.

6)How can u contribute to our org/ unique strength?

The most important quality i own is being prudent person that means i work and contribute all my efforts through my leadership skills to the org as if it is my own org rather than running behind money and incentives.

7)what is linux?

Linux® is an open source operating system (OS). An operating system is the software that directly manages a system's hardware and resources, like CPU, memory, and storage.


